Dockerizing Django Application With PostgreSQL Database by Compose File:
1.ComposeFile:
	1. Compose is a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications. 
	   With Compose, we use a YAML file to configure our application’s services. 
	   Then, with a single command, we create and start all the services from our configuration.
	2. In this project I used PostgreSQL for database connections. so we need to define two services 
	   in our docker-compose file. THe first service is db which is for PostgeSQL image and the second is vernon 
	   which is django project.
	3. Create a file named docker-compose.yml
	4. In compose file The depends_on ensures that the Postgres image is available to our vernon service so it will be automatically created and run.
	5. Also the properties under Postgres image defined environment variables to be used by PostgreSQL and defined a volume. 
	   The volume pgdata will be created by docker and all the data stored by our project will be saved here. 
	   This is recommended because if we delete our containers it also deletes the data in it.
	6. Defining the volume ensures that even if we delete the containers the data will still be available.
	7. Next, we create the Django project itself by building the docker-compose file

2. Connecting to the database:	
	1. To connect to the database, open the Django settings file and edit the database settings by adding the following:
		DATABASES = {
    			'default': {
       				 'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql',
       				 'NAME': 'postgres',
       				 'USER': 'postgres',
        			 'HOST': 'db',
        			 'PORT': 5432,
   				 }
			}
	2. The parameters for the name, user and host must be the same as those on docker-compose file. Specifically, the host parameter is the name of the Postgres service name.
	
3. commands to run compose file:
	With the above procedure we are now done, to start our container run:
	1. To run containers by compose file enter:
		- docker-compose up
		- docker-compose up --build(if any changes in project file after building)
	2. To connect with the database first we need to perform makemigations and migrate by entering into the project container as:
		- docker exec -it cont-name bash
		- python manage.py makemigrations 
		- python manage.py migrate
	Now we are redy with all Then visit http://localhost:8000/ 
	3. To stop and delete containers and volumes enter:
		- docker-compose down -v
	
